h1. Baseball

This application was generated with the "rails_apps_composer":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer gem provided by the "RailsApps Project":http://railsapps.github.com/.

A Demo of this app is available @  http://mlb.herokuapp.com

h2. Diagnostics

This application was built with recipes that are known to work together.

This application was built with preferences that are NOT known to work together.

If the application doesn't work as expected, please "report an issue":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer/issues and include these diagnostics:

We'd also like to know if you've found combinations of recipes or preferences that do work together.

Recipes:
["controllers", "core", "email", "extras", "frontend", "gems", "git", "init", "models", "prelaunch", "railsapps", "readme", "routes", "saas", "setup", "testing", "views"]

Preferences:
{:git=>true, :railsapps=>"none", :dev_webserver=>"thin", :prod_webserver=>"unicorn", :database=>"sqlite", :templates=>"haml", :unit_test=>"rspec", :integration=>"rspec-capybara", :fixtures=>"fabrication", :frontend=>"bootstrap", :bootstrap=>"sass", :email=>"none", :authentication=>"none", :authorization=>"none", :form_builder=>"simple_form", :starter_app=>"home_app", :quiet_assets=>true, :local_env_file=>true, :better_errors=>true, :ban_spiders=>true, :github=>true}

h2. Ruby on Rails

This application requires:

* Ruby version 1.9.3
* Rails version 3.2.11

Learn more about "Installing Rails":http://railsapps.github.com/installing-rails.html.

h2. Database

This application uses SQLite with ActiveRecord.

h2. Development

* Template Engine: Haml
* Testing Framework: RSpec
* Front-end Framework: Twitter Bootstrap (Sass)
* Form Builder: SimpleForm
* Authentication: None
* Authorization: None





h2. Getting Started

After clone from github, you will need to run the following steps...
1. rake db:create
2. rake db:migrate
3. rake db:seed

h2. Documentation and Support

This is the only documentation.

h4. Issues

DO NOT use ruby-1.9.3-p362!  There are known issues that you will encounter with Kaminari and this build.

h2. Similar Projects

This is my app. There are many like it, but this one is mine.

h2. Contributing

If you make improvements to this application, please share with others.

* Fork the project on GitHub.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit with Git.
* Send the author a pull request.

If you add functionality to this application, create an alternative implementation, or build an application that is similar, please contact me and I'll add a note to the README so that others can find your work.

h2. Credits

This is a coding exercise assigned to me. I'm not sure if the company wants to be known.

h2. License

I'm sure MLB does not like this.  Please don't sue me.
